produce item: 67
produce item: 30
produce item: 35
produce item: 30
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 21
produce item: 2
produce item: 23
produce item: 55
produce item: 24
produce item: 83
produce item: 21
produce item: 41
produce item: 7
produce item: 18
produce item: 85
produce item: 91
produce item: 48
produce item: 75
produce item: 69
produce item: 35
produce item: 96
produce item: 96
produce item: 34
produce item: 75
produce item: 75
produce item: 73
produce item: 81
produce item: 44
produce item: 59
produce item: 33
produce item: 67
produce item: 89
produce item: 95
produce item: 5
produce item: 42
produce item: 76
produce item: 75
produce item: 85
produce item: 8
produce item: 62
produce item: 93
produce item: 94
produce item: 7
produce item: 8
produce item: 54
produce item: 52
produce item: 98
produce item: 47
produce item: 36
produce item: 47
produce item: 86
produce item: 10
produce item: 81
produce item: 47
produce item: 97
produce item: 57
produce item: 14
produce item: 33
produce item: 29
produce item: 5
produce item: 96
produce item: 71
produce item: 90
produce item: 24
produce item: 42
produce item: 13
produce item: 62
produce item: 14
produce item: 45
produce item: 59
produce item: 41
produce item: 78
produce item: 95
produce item: 79
produce item: 65
produce item: 37
produce item: 96
produce item: 44
produce item: 81
produce item: 33
produce item: 53
produce item: 16
produce item: 42
produce item: 72
produce item: 54
produce item: 52
produce item: 4
produce item: 84
produce item: 28
produce item: 2
produce item: 69
produce item: 23
produce item: 44
produce item: 37
produce item: 38
produce item: 37
produce item: 74
produce item: 34
produce item: 56
produce item: 55
producer_fn: items ready for processing
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 67
consume item: 30
consume item: 35
consume item: 30
consume item: 21
consume item: 2
consume item: 23
consume item: 55
consume item: 24
consume item: 83
consume item: 21
consume item: 41
consume item: 7
consume item: 18
consume item: 85
consume item: 91
consume item: 48
consume item: 75
consume item: 69
consume item: 35
consume item: 96
consume item: 96
consume item: 34
consume item: 75
consume item: 75
consume item: 73
consume item: 81
consume item: 44
consume item: 59
consume item: 33
consume item: 67
consume item: 89
consume item: 95
consume item: 5
consume item: 42
consume item: 76
consume item: 75
consume item: 85
consume item: 8
consume item: 62
consume item: 93
consume item: 94
consume item: 7
consume item: 8
consume item: 54
consume item: 52
consume item: 98
consume item: 47
consume item: 36
consume item: 47
consume item: 86
consume item: 10
consume item: 81
consume item: 47
consume item: 97
consume item: 57
consume item: 14
consume item: 33
consume item: 29
consume item: 5
consume item: 96
consume item: 71
consume item: 90
consume item: 24
consume item: 42
consume item: 13
consume item: 62
consume item: 14
consume item: 45
consume item: 59
consume item: 41
consume item: 78
consume item: 95
consume item: 79
consume item: 65
consume item: 37
consume item: 96
consume item: 44
consume item: 81
consume item: 33
consume item: 53
consume item: 16
consume item: 42
consume item: 72
consume item: 54
consume item: 52
consume item: 4
consume item: 84
consume item: 28
consume item: 2
consume item: 69
consume item: 23
consume item: 44
consume item: 37
consume item: 38
consume item: 37
consume item: 74
consume item: 34
consume item: 56
consume item: 55
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 52
produce item: 96
produce item: 70
produce item: 56
produce item: 98
produce item: 72
produce item: 47
produce item: 43
produce item: 64
produce item: 8
produce item: 12
produce item: 67
produce item: 60
produce item: 20
produce item: 89
produce item: 8
produce item: 49
produce item: 90
produce item: 57
produce item: 36
produce item: 85
produce item: 23
produce item: 80
produce item: 33
produce item: 84
produce item: 8
produce item: 75
produce item: 69
produce item: 24
produce item: 90
produce item: 80
produce item: 79
produce item: 94
produce item: 55
produce item: 81
produce item: 82
produce item: 15
produce item: 50
produce item: 32
produce item: 79
produce item: 83
produce item: 95
produce item: 52
produce item: 73
produce item: 84
produce item: 39
produce item: 15
produce item: 88
produce item: 36
produce item: 2
produce item: 57
produce item: 50
produce item: 10
produce item: 86
produce item: 82
produce item: 17
produce item: 11
produce item: 6
produce item: 17
produce item: 59
produce item: 40
produce item: 31
produce item: 83
produce item: 20
produce item: 77
produce item: 42
produce item: 61
produce item: 30
produce item: 73
produce item: 5
produce item: 47
produce item: 89
produce item: 88
produce item: 15
produce item: 59
produce item: 10
produce item: 30
produce item: 74
produce item: 8
produce item: 58
produce item: 19
produce item: 49
produce item: 33
produce item: 7
produce item: 48
produce item: 33
produce item: 7
produce item: 52
produce item: 93
produce item: 94
produce item: 57
produce item: 43
produce item: 9
produce item: 63
produce item: 41
produce item: 84
produce item: 56
produce item: 38
produce item: 41
produce item: 95
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 52
consume item: 96
consume item: 70
consume item: 56
consume item: 98
consume item: 72
consume item: 47
consume item: 43
consume item: 64
consume item: 8
consume item: 12
consume item: 67
consume item: 60
consume item: 20
consume item: 89
consume item: 8
consume item: 49
consume item: 90
consume item: 57
consume item: 36
consume item: 85
consume item: 23
consume item: 80
consume item: 33
consume item: 84
consume item: 8
consume item: 75
consume item: 69
consume item: 24
consume item: 90
consume item: 80
consume item: 79
consume item: 94
consume item: 55
consume item: 81
consume item: 82
consume item: 15
consume item: 50
consume item: 32
consume item: 79
consume item: 83
consume item: 95
consume item: 52
consume item: 73
consume item: 84
consume item: 39
consume item: 15
consume item: 88
consume item: 36
consume item: 2
consume item: 57
consume item: 50
consume item: 10
consume item: 86
consume item: 82
consume item: 17
consume item: 11
consume item: 6
consume item: 17
consume item: 59
consume item: 40
consume item: 31
consume item: 83
consume item: 20
consume item: 77
consume item: 42
consume item: 61
consume item: 30
consume item: 73
consume item: 5
consume item: 47
consume item: 89
consume item: 88
consume item: 15
consume item: 59
consume item: 10
consume item: 30
consume item: 74
consume item: 8
consume item: 58
consume item: 19
consume item: 49
consume item: 33
consume item: 7
consume item: 48
consume item: 33
consume item: 7
consume item: 52
consume item: 93
consume item: 94
consume item: 57
consume item: 43
consume item: 9
consume item: 63
consume item: 41
consume item: 84
consume item: 56
consume item: 38
consume item: 41
consume item: 95
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 74
produce item: 71
produce item: 64
produce item: 55
produce item: 17
produce item: 48
produce item: 84
produce item: 73
produce item: 92
produce item: 11
produce item: 23
produce item: 60
produce item: 57
produce item: 89
produce item: 26
produce item: 14
produce item: 23
produce item: 94
produce item: 14
produce item: 92
produce item: 93
produce item: 44
produce item: 96
produce item: 59
produce item: 39
produce item: 95
produce item: 80
produce item: 11
produce item: 27
produce item: 2
produce item: 59
produce item: 40
produce item: 95
produce item: 74
produce item: 28
produce item: 82
produce item: 2
produce item: 19
produce item: 53
produce item: 14
produce item: 26
produce item: 82
produce item: 84
produce item: 91
produce item: 73
produce item: 43
produce item: 49
produce item: 6
produce item: 36
produce item: 92
produce item: 89
produce item: 3
produce item: 24
produce item: 69
produce item: 27
produce item: 69
produce item: 32
produce item: 66
produce item: 48
produce item: 64
produce item: 98
produce item: 13
produce item: 52
produce item: 68
produce item: 71
produce item: 78
produce item: 64
produce item: 52
produce item: 20
produce item: 81
produce item: 33
produce item: 18
produce item: 65
produce item: 56
produce item: 6
produce item: 63
produce item: 30
produce item: 48
produce item: 97
produce item: 3
produce item: 68
produce item: 30
produce item: 66
produce item: 12
produce item: 20
produce item: 82
produce item: 43
produce item: 64
produce item: 53
produce item: 83
produce item: 62
produce item: 82
produce item: 37
produce item: 26
produce item: 53
produce item: 35
produce item: 48
produce item: 19
produce item: 87
produce item: 72
producer_fn: items ready for processing
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 74
consume item: 71
consume item: 64
consume item: 55
consume item: 17
consume item: 48
consume item: 84
consume item: 73
consume item: 92
consume item: 11
consume item: 23
consume item: 60
consume item: 57
consume item: 89
consume item: 26
consume item: 14
consume item: 23
consume item: 94
consume item: 14
consume item: 92
consume item: 93
consume item: 44
consume item: 96
consume item: 59
consume item: 39
consume item: 95
consume item: 80
consume item: 11
consume item: 27
consume item: 2
consume item: 59
consume item: 40
consume item: 95
consume item: 74
consume item: 28
consume item: 82
consume item: 2
consume item: 19
consume item: 53
consume item: 14
consume item: 26
consume item: 82
consume item: 84
consume item: 91
consume item: 73
consume item: 43
consume item: 49
consume item: 6
consume item: 36
consume item: 92
consume item: 89
consume item: 3
consume item: 24
consume item: 69
consume item: 27
consume item: 69
consume item: 32
consume item: 66
consume item: 48
consume item: 64
consume item: 98
consume item: 13
consume item: 52
consume item: 68
consume item: 71
consume item: 78
consume item: 64
consume item: 52
consume item: 20
consume item: 81
consume item: 33
consume item: 18
consume item: 65
consume item: 56
consume item: 6
consume item: 63
consume item: 30
consume item: 48
consume item: 97
consume item: 3
consume item: 68
consume item: 30
consume item: 66
consume item: 12
consume item: 20
consume item: 82
consume item: 43
consume item: 64
consume item: 53
consume item: 83
consume item: 62
consume item: 82
consume item: 37
consume item: 26
consume item: 53
consume item: 35
consume item: 48
consume item: 19
consume item: 87
consume item: 72
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 38
produce item: 46
produce item: 98
produce item: 10
produce item: 91
produce item: 80
produce item: 41
produce item: 9
produce item: 50
produce item: 17
produce item: 49
produce item: 24
produce item: 54
produce item: 75
produce item: 54
produce item: 3
produce item: 49
produce item: 85
produce item: 45
produce item: 30
produce item: 6
produce item: 76
produce item: 63
produce item: 84
produce item: 26
produce item: 15
produce item: 66
produce item: 34
produce item: 34
produce item: 82
produce item: 72
produce item: 36
produce item: 33
produce item: 56
produce item: 87
produce item: 88
produce item: 63
produce item: 64
produce item: 47
produce item: 64
produce item: 47
produce item: 56
produce item: 33
produce item: 37
produce item: 36
produce item: 10
produce item: 58
produce item: 22
produce item: 55
produce item: 43
produce item: 80
produce item: 23
produce item: 83
produce item: 55
produce item: 42
produce item: 48
produce item: 55
produce item: 65
produce item: 84
produce item: 4
produce item: 2
produce item: 59
produce item: 83
produce item: 11
produce item: 79
produce item: 21
produce item: 7
produce item: 77
produce item: 79
produce item: 59
produce item: 33
produce item: 65
produce item: 56
produce item: 77
produce item: 30
produce item: 85
produce item: 16
produce item: 75
produce item: 92
produce item: 67
produce item: 87
produce item: 39
produce item: 50
produce item: 18
produce item: 78
produce item: 8
produce item: 69
produce item: 38
produce item: 87
produce item: 96
produce item: 15
produce item: 51
produce item: 93
produce item: 98
produce item: 36
produce item: 17
produce item: 21
produce item: 96
produce item: 59
produce item: 87
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 38
consume item: 46
consume item: 98
consume item: 10
consume item: 91
consume item: 80
consume item: 41
consume item: 9
consume item: 50
consume item: 17
consume item: 49
consume item: 24
consume item: 54
consume item: 75
consume item: 54
consume item: 3
consume item: 49
consume item: 85
consume item: 45
consume item: 30
consume item: 6
consume item: 76
consume item: 63
consume item: 84
consume item: 26
consume item: 15
consume item: 66
consume item: 34
consume item: 34
consume item: 82
consume item: 72
consume item: 36
consume item: 33
consume item: 56
consume item: 87
consume item: 88
consume item: 63
consume item: 64
consume item: 47
consume item: 64
consume item: 47
consume item: 56
consume item: 33
consume item: 37
consume item: 36
consume item: 10
consume item: 58
consume item: 22
consume item: 55
consume item: 43
consume item: 80
consume item: 23
consume item: 83
consume item: 55
consume item: 42
consume item: 48
consume item: 55
consume item: 65
consume item: 84
consume item: 4
consume item: 2
consume item: 59
consume item: 83
consume item: 11
consume item: 79
consume item: 21
consume item: 7
consume item: 77
consume item: 79
consume item: 59
consume item: 33
consume item: 65
consume item: 56
consume item: 77
consume item: 30
consume item: 85
consume item: 16
consume item: 75
consume item: 92
consume item: 67
consume item: 87
consume item: 39
consume item: 50
consume item: 18
consume item: 78
consume item: 8
consume item: 69
consume item: 38
consume item: 87
consume item: 96
consume item: 15
consume item: 51
consume item: 93
consume item: 98
consume item: 36
consume item: 17
consume item: 21
consume item: 96
consume item: 59
consume item: 87
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 87
produce item: 73
produce item: 28
produce item: 14
produce item: 11
produce item: 51
produce item: 44
produce item: 67
produce item: 26
produce item: 34
produce item: 25
produce item: 50
produce item: 29
produce item: 31
produce item: 14
produce item: 52
produce item: 21
produce item: 86
produce item: 82
produce item: 83
produce item: 26
produce item: 84
produce item: 85
produce item: 53
produce item: 64
produce item: 55
produce item: 94
produce item: 10
produce item: 17
produce item: 57
produce item: 34
produce item: 92
produce item: 70
produce item: 9
produce item: 65
produce item: 21
produce item: 34
produce item: 70
produce item: 9
produce item: 57
produce item: 13
produce item: 51
produce item: 64
produce item: 61
produce item: 21
produce item: 60
produce item: 13
produce item: 78
produce item: 15
produce item: 91
produce item: 59
produce item: 15
produce item: 14
produce item: 41
produce item: 31
produce item: 3
produce item: 4
produce item: 5
produce item: 38
produce item: 84
produce item: 40
produce item: 1
produce item: 50
produce item: 7
produce item: 43
produce item: 75
produce item: 52
produce item: 15
produce item: 33
produce item: 6
produce item: 53
produce item: 77
produce item: 67
produce item: 66
produce item: 49
produce item: 57
produce item: 19
produce item: 21
produce item: 47
produce item: 13
produce item: 40
produce item: 18
produce item: 64
produce item: 65
produce item: 96
produce item: 70
produce item: 63
produce item: 7
produce item: 55
produce item: 76
produce item: 24
produce item: 3
produce item: 80
produce item: 97
produce item: 41
produce item: 71
produce item: 87
produce item: 63
produce item: 90
produce item: 52
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 87
consume item: 73
consume item: 28
consume item: 14
consume item: 11
consume item: 51
consume item: 44
consume item: 67
consume item: 26
consume item: 34
consume item: 25
consume item: 50
consume item: 29
consume item: 31
consume item: 14
consume item: 52
consume item: 21
consume item: 86
consume item: 82
consume item: 83
consume item: 26
consume item: 84
consume item: 85
consume item: 53
consume item: 64
consume item: 55
consume item: 94
consume item: 10
consume item: 17
consume item: 57
consume item: 34
consume item: 92
consume item: 70
consume item: 9
consume item: 65
consume item: 21
consume item: 34
consume item: 70
consume item: 9
consume item: 57
consume item: 13
consume item: 51
consume item: 64
consume item: 61
consume item: 21
consume item: 60
consume item: 13
consume item: 78
consume item: 15
consume item: 91
consume item: 59
consume item: 15
consume item: 14
consume item: 41
consume item: 31
consume item: 3
consume item: 4
consume item: 5
consume item: 38
consume item: 84
consume item: 40
consume item: 1
consume item: 50
consume item: 7
consume item: 43
consume item: 75
consume item: 52
consume item: 15
consume item: 33
consume item: 6
consume item: 53
consume item: 77
consume item: 67
consume item: 66
consume item: 49
consume item: 57
consume item: 19
consume item: 21
consume item: 47
consume item: 13
consume item: 40
consume item: 18
consume item: 64
consume item: 65
consume item: 96
consume item: 70
consume item: 63
consume item: 7
consume item: 55
consume item: 76
consume item: 24
consume item: 3
consume item: 80
consume item: 97
consume item: 41
consume item: 71
consume item: 87
consume item: 63
consume item: 90
consume item: 52
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 40
produce item: 34
produce item: 39
produce item: 44
produce item: 52
produce item: 27
produce item: 70
produce item: 25
produce item: 58
produce item: 13
produce item: 17
produce item: 62
produce item: 57
produce item: 68
produce item: 73
produce item: 40
produce item: 95
produce item: 69
produce item: 93
produce item: 20
produce item: 2
produce item: 63
produce item: 98
produce item: 97
produce item: 8
produce item: 61
produce item: 63
produce item: 59
produce item: 54
produce item: 45
produce item: 63
produce item: 26
produce item: 48
produce item: 71
produce item: 94
produce item: 77
produce item: 18
produce item: 51
produce item: 42
produce item: 45
produce item: 92
produce item: 79
produce item: 48
produce item: 80
produce item: 7
produce item: 86
produce item: 49
produce item: 59
produce item: 1
produce item: 61
produce item: 97
produce item: 57
produce item: 23
produce item: 18
produce item: 62
produce item: 58
produce item: 22
produce item: 91
produce item: 23
produce item: 21
produce item: 28
produce item: 80
produce item: 31
produce item: 61
produce item: 69
produce item: 9
produce item: 84
produce item: 73
produce item: 89
produce item: 15
produce item: 97
produce item: 75
produce item: 91
produce item: 64
produce item: 82
produce item: 90
produce item: 73
produce item: 34
produce item: 26
produce item: 34
produce item: 61
produce item: 40
produce item: 28
produce item: 7
produce item: 68
produce item: 42
produce item: 12
produce item: 95
produce item: 37
produce item: 66
produce item: 33
produce item: 25
produce item: 7
produce item: 2
produce item: 5
produce item: 47
produce item: 55
produce item: 80
produce item: 3
produce item: 55
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 40
consume item: 34
consume item: 39
consume item: 44
consume item: 52
consume item: 27
consume item: 70
consume item: 25
consume item: 58
consume item: 13
consume item: 17
consume item: 62
consume item: 57
consume item: 68
consume item: 73
consume item: 40
consume item: 95
consume item: 69
consume item: 93
consume item: 20
consume item: 2
consume item: 63
consume item: 98
consume item: 97
consume item: 8
consume item: 61
consume item: 63
consume item: 59
consume item: 54
consume item: 45
consume item: 63
consume item: 26
consume item: 48
consume item: 71
consume item: 94
consume item: 77
consume item: 18
consume item: 51
consume item: 42
consume item: 45
consume item: 92
consume item: 79
consume item: 48
consume item: 80
consume item: 7
consume item: 86
consume item: 49
consume item: 59
consume item: 1
consume item: 61
consume item: 97
consume item: 57
consume item: 23
consume item: 18
consume item: 62
consume item: 58
consume item: 22
consume item: 91
consume item: 23
consume item: 21
consume item: 28
consume item: 80
consume item: 31
consume item: 61
consume item: 69
consume item: 9
consume item: 84
consume item: 73
consume item: 89
consume item: 15
consume item: 97
consume item: 75
consume item: 91
consume item: 64
consume item: 82
consume item: 90
consume item: 73
consume item: 34
consume item: 26
consume item: 34
consume item: 61
consume item: 40
consume item: 28
consume item: 7
consume item: 68
consume item: 42
consume item: 12
consume item: 95
consume item: 37
consume item: 66
consume item: 33
consume item: 25
consume item: 7
consume item: 2
consume item: 5
consume item: 47
consume item: 55
consume item: 80
consume item: 3
consume item: 55
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 50
produce item: 23
produce item: 11
produce item: 21
produce item: 85
produce item: 31
produce item: 37
produce item: 8
produce item: 88
produce item: 13
produce item: 63
produce item: 93
produce item: 68
produce item: 34
produce item: 29
produce item: 28
produce item: 74
produce item: 1
produce item: 40
produce item: 72
produce item: 89
produce item: 62
produce item: 88
produce item: 59
produce item: 98
produce item: 32
produce item: 95
produce item: 76
produce item: 5
produce item: 83
produce item: 68
produce item: 98
produce item: 39
produce item: 55
produce item: 31
produce item: 63
produce item: 41
produce item: 74
produce item: 43
produce item: 25
produce item: 83
produce item: 67
produce item: 47
produce item: 50
produce item: 17
produce item: 64
produce item: 8
produce item: 2
produce item: 59
produce item: 70
produce item: 36
produce item: 34
produce item: 35
produce item: 40
produce item: 82
produce item: 41
produce item: 27
produce item: 62
produce item: 45
produce item: 29
produce item: 22
produce item: 16
produce item: 19
produce item: 90
produce item: 49
produce item: 32
produce item: 21
produce item: 63
produce item: 10
produce item: 33
produce item: 18
produce item: 28
produce item: 10
produce item: 59
produce item: 28
produce item: 34
produce item: 55
produce item: 69
produce item: 91
produce item: 94
produce item: 4
produce item: 27
produce item: 79
produce item: 88
produce item: 24
produce item: 83
produce item: 12
produce item: 22
produce item: 76
produce item: 20
produce item: 39
produce item: 85
produce item: 38
produce item: 31
produce item: 18
produce item: 12
produce item: 94
produce item: 33
produce item: 12
produce item: 81
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 50
consume item: 23
consume item: 11
consume item: 21
consume item: 85
consume item: 31
consume item: 37
consume item: 8
consume item: 88
consume item: 13
consume item: 63
consume item: 93
consume item: 68
consume item: 34
consume item: 29
consume item: 28
consume item: 74
consume item: 1
consume item: 40
consume item: 72
consume item: 89
consume item: 62
consume item: 88
consume item: 59
consume item: 98
consume item: 32
consume item: 95
consume item: 76
consume item: 5
consume item: 83
consume item: 68
consume item: 98
consume item: 39
consume item: 55
consume item: 31
consume item: 63
consume item: 41
consume item: 74
consume item: 43
consume item: 25
consume item: 83
consume item: 67
consume item: 47
consume item: 50
consume item: 17
consume item: 64
consume item: 8
consume item: 2
consume item: 59
consume item: 70
consume item: 36
consume item: 34
consume item: 35
consume item: 40
consume item: 82
consume item: 41
consume item: 27
consume item: 62
consume item: 45
consume item: 29
consume item: 22
consume item: 16
consume item: 19
consume item: 90
consume item: 49
consume item: 32
consume item: 21
consume item: 63
consume item: 10
consume item: 33
consume item: 18
consume item: 28
consume item: 10
consume item: 59
consume item: 28
consume item: 34
consume item: 55
consume item: 69
consume item: 91
consume item: 94
consume item: 4
consume item: 27
consume item: 79
consume item: 88
consume item: 24
consume item: 83
consume item: 12
consume item: 22
consume item: 76
consume item: 20
consume item: 39
consume item: 85
consume item: 38
consume item: 31
consume item: 18
consume item: 12
consume item: 94
consume item: 33
consume item: 12
consume item: 81
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 4
produce item: 67
produce item: 8
produce item: 12
produce item: 14
produce item: 44
produce item: 90
produce item: 40
produce item: 93
produce item: 88
produce item: 28
produce item: 39
produce item: 78
produce item: 93
produce item: 2
produce item: 78
produce item: 56
produce item: 61
produce item: 18
produce item: 53
produce item: 46
produce item: 54
produce item: 13
produce item: 32
produce item: 22
produce item: 6
produce item: 29
produce item: 37
produce item: 49
produce item: 18
produce item: 56
produce item: 75
produce item: 90
produce item: 88
produce item: 75
produce item: 52
produce item: 60
produce item: 19
produce item: 18
produce item: 80
produce item: 88
produce item: 55
produce item: 25
produce item: 64
produce item: 33
produce item: 62
produce item: 58
produce item: 56
produce item: 16
produce item: 31
produce item: 93
produce item: 74
produce item: 72
produce item: 53
produce item: 51
produce item: 63
produce item: 32
produce item: 62
produce item: 85
produce item: 59
produce item: 62
produce item: 63
produce item: 32
produce item: 11
produce item: 7
produce item: 15
produce item: 77
produce item: 18
produce item: 81
produce item: 10
produce item: 85
produce item: 96
produce item: 56
produce item: 2
produce item: 90
produce item: 23
produce item: 39
produce item: 63
produce item: 85
produce item: 70
produce item: 38
produce item: 24
produce item: 61
produce item: 4
produce item: 72
produce item: 80
produce item: 49
produce item: 16
produce item: 88
produce item: 53
produce item: 79
produce item: 59
produce item: 18
produce item: 98
produce item: 9
produce item: 49
produce item: 68
produce item: 48
produce item: 82
produce item: 69
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 4
consume item: 67
consume item: 8
consume item: 12
consume item: 14
consume item: 44
consume item: 90
consume item: 40
consume item: 93
consume item: 88
consume item: 28
consume item: 39
consume item: 78
consume item: 93
consume item: 2
consume item: 78
consume item: 56
consume item: 61
consume item: 18
consume item: 53
consume item: 46
consume item: 54
consume item: 13
consume item: 32
consume item: 22
consume item: 6
consume item: 29
consume item: 37
consume item: 49
consume item: 18
consume item: 56
consume item: 75
consume item: 90
consume item: 88
consume item: 75
consume item: 52
consume item: 60
consume item: 19
consume item: 18
consume item: 80
consume item: 88
consume item: 55
consume item: 25
consume item: 64
consume item: 33
consume item: 62
consume item: 58
consume item: 56
consume item: 16
consume item: 31
consume item: 93
consume item: 74
consume item: 72
consume item: 53
consume item: 51
consume item: 63
consume item: 32
consume item: 62
consume item: 85
consume item: 59
consume item: 62
consume item: 63
consume item: 32
consume item: 11
consume item: 7
consume item: 15
consume item: 77
consume item: 18
consume item: 81
consume item: 10
consume item: 85
consume item: 96
consume item: 56
consume item: 2
consume item: 90
consume item: 23
consume item: 39
consume item: 63
consume item: 85
consume item: 70
consume item: 38
consume item: 24
consume item: 61
consume item: 4
consume item: 72
consume item: 80
consume item: 49
consume item: 16
consume item: 88
consume item: 53
consume item: 79
consume item: 59
consume item: 18
consume item: 98
consume item: 9
consume item: 49
consume item: 68
consume item: 48
consume item: 82
consume item: 69
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 84
produce item: 62
produce item: 17
produce item: 55
produce item: 51
produce item: 16
produce item: 5
produce item: 20
produce item: 10
produce item: 64
produce item: 7
produce item: 40
produce item: 10
produce item: 29
produce item: 62
produce item: 11
produce item: 63
produce item: 2
produce item: 86
produce item: 82
produce item: 34
produce item: 48
produce item: 36
produce item: 17
produce item: 79
produce item: 46
produce item: 80
produce item: 13
produce item: 61
produce item: 77
produce item: 89
produce item: 68
produce item: 49
produce item: 55
produce item: 32
produce item: 72
produce item: 57
produce item: 6
produce item: 97
produce item: 61
produce item: 61
produce item: 88
produce item: 76
produce item: 6
produce item: 6
produce item: 34
produce item: 31
produce item: 45
produce item: 44
produce item: 21
produce item: 67
produce item: 44
produce item: 94
produce item: 10
produce item: 37
produce item: 16
produce item: 19
produce item: 61
produce item: 22
produce item: 8
produce item: 28
produce item: 97
produce item: 31
produce item: 42
produce item: 95
produce item: 97
produce item: 42
produce item: 18
produce item: 62
produce item: 5
produce item: 86
produce item: 30
produce item: 51
produce item: 14
produce item: 53
produce item: 20
produce item: 66
produce item: 65
produce item: 18
produce item: 10
produce item: 24
produce item: 97
produce item: 5
produce item: 57
produce item: 85
produce item: 69
produce item: 73
produce item: 88
produce item: 67
produce item: 46
produce item: 40
produce item: 39
produce item: 78
produce item: 51
produce item: 44
produce item: 27
produce item: 49
produce item: 76
produce item: 32
produce item: 50
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 84
consume item: 62
consume item: 17
consume item: 55
consume item: 51
consume item: 16
consume item: 5
consume item: 20
consume item: 10
consume item: 64
consume item: 7
consume item: 40
consume item: 10
consume item: 29
consume item: 62
consume item: 11
consume item: 63
consume item: 2
consume item: 86
consume item: 82
consume item: 34
consume item: 48
consume item: 36
consume item: 17
consume item: 79
consume item: 46
consume item: 80
consume item: 13
consume item: 61
consume item: 77
consume item: 89
consume item: 68
consume item: 49
consume item: 55
consume item: 32
consume item: 72
consume item: 57
consume item: 6
consume item: 97
consume item: 61
consume item: 61
consume item: 88
consume item: 76
consume item: 6
consume item: 6
consume item: 34
consume item: 31
consume item: 45
consume item: 44
consume item: 21
consume item: 67
consume item: 44
consume item: 94
consume item: 10
consume item: 37
consume item: 16
consume item: 19
consume item: 61
consume item: 22
consume item: 8
consume item: 28
consume item: 97
consume item: 31
consume item: 42
consume item: 95
consume item: 97
consume item: 42
consume item: 18
consume item: 62
consume item: 5
consume item: 86
consume item: 30
consume item: 51
consume item: 14
consume item: 53
consume item: 20
consume item: 66
consume item: 65
consume item: 18
consume item: 10
consume item: 24
consume item: 97
consume item: 5
consume item: 57
consume item: 85
consume item: 69
consume item: 73
consume item: 88
consume item: 67
consume item: 46
consume item: 40
consume item: 39
consume item: 78
consume item: 51
consume item: 44
consume item: 27
consume item: 49
consume item: 76
consume item: 32
consume item: 50
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 22
produce item: 63
produce item: 89
produce item: 61
produce item: 16
produce item: 56
produce item: 50
produce item: 58
produce item: 40
produce item: 21
produce item: 18
produce item: 75
produce item: 86
produce item: 59
produce item: 67
produce item: 96
produce item: 10
produce item: 24
produce item: 11
produce item: 9
produce item: 29
produce item: 50
produce item: 55
produce item: 4
produce item: 72
produce item: 77
produce item: 6
produce item: 10
produce item: 9
produce item: 53
produce item: 64
produce item: 12
produce item: 14
produce item: 7
produce item: 50
produce item: 54
produce item: 24
produce item: 43
produce item: 41
produce item: 69
produce item: 4
produce item: 81
produce item: 80
produce item: 60
produce item: 82
produce item: 34
produce item: 93
produce item: 90
produce item: 24
produce item: 74
produce item: 81
produce item: 87
produce item: 65
produce item: 80
produce item: 70
produce item: 38
produce item: 43
produce item: 24
produce item: 57
produce item: 79
produce item: 8
produce item: 92
produce item: 68
produce item: 87
produce item: 96
produce item: 52
produce item: 55
produce item: 44
produce item: 65
produce item: 13
produce item: 12
produce item: 69
produce item: 28
produce item: 52
produce item: 95
produce item: 23
produce item: 91
produce item: 2
produce item: 55
produce item: 41
produce item: 49
produce item: 66
produce item: 42
produce item: 84
produce item: 41
produce item: 90
produce item: 15
produce item: 48
produce item: 11
produce item: 5
produce item: 25
produce item: 70
produce item: 24
produce item: 50
produce item: 71
produce item: 69
produce item: 30
produce item: 9
produce item: 20
produce item: 48
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 22
consume item: 63
consume item: 89
consume item: 61
consume item: 16
consume item: 56
consume item: 50
consume item: 58
consume item: 40
consume item: 21
consume item: 18
consume item: 75
consume item: 86
consume item: 59
consume item: 67
consume item: 96
consume item: 10
consume item: 24
consume item: 11
consume item: 9
consume item: 29
consume item: 50
consume item: 55
consume item: 4
consume item: 72
consume item: 77
consume item: 6
consume item: 10
consume item: 9
consume item: 53
consume item: 64
consume item: 12
consume item: 14
consume item: 7
consume item: 50
consume item: 54
consume item: 24
consume item: 43
consume item: 41
consume item: 69
consume item: 4
consume item: 81
consume item: 80
consume item: 60
consume item: 82
consume item: 34
consume item: 93
consume item: 90
consume item: 24
consume item: 74
consume item: 81
consume item: 87
consume item: 65
consume item: 80
consume item: 70
consume item: 38
consume item: 43
consume item: 24
consume item: 57
consume item: 79
consume item: 8
consume item: 92
consume item: 68
consume item: 87
consume item: 96
consume item: 52
consume item: 55
consume item: 44
consume item: 65
consume item: 13
consume item: 12
consume item: 69
consume item: 28
consume item: 52
consume item: 95
consume item: 23
consume item: 91
consume item: 2
consume item: 55
consume item: 41
consume item: 49
consume item: 66
consume item: 42
consume item: 84
consume item: 41
consume item: 90
consume item: 15
consume item: 48
consume item: 11
consume item: 5
consume item: 25
consume item: 70
consume item: 24
consume item: 50
consume item: 71
consume item: 69
consume item: 30
consume item: 9
consume item: 20
consume item: 48
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 6
produce item: 59
produce item: 44
produce item: 2
produce item: 90
produce item: 55
produce item: 5
produce item: 91
produce item: 33
produce item: 90
produce item: 23
produce item: 67
produce item: 59
produce item: 66
produce item: 70
produce item: 79
produce item: 79
produce item: 89
produce item: 55
produce item: 51
produce item: 94
produce item: 53
produce item: 22
produce item: 72
produce item: 30
produce item: 78
produce item: 25
produce item: 31
produce item: 9
produce item: 10
produce item: 91
produce item: 58
produce item: 51
produce item: 77
produce item: 40
produce item: 26
produce item: 25
produce item: 45
produce item: 84
produce item: 31
produce item: 70
produce item: 48
produce item: 2
produce item: 96
produce item: 63
produce item: 46
produce item: 45
produce item: 65
produce item: 1
produce item: 27
produce item: 64
produce item: 71
produce item: 31
produce item: 3
produce item: 84
produce item: 75
produce item: 13
produce item: 6
produce item: 42
produce item: 89
produce item: 17
produce item: 39
produce item: 18
produce item: 21
produce item: 90
produce item: 61
produce item: 68
produce item: 47
produce item: 73
produce item: 85
produce item: 26
produce item: 84
produce item: 66
produce item: 71
produce item: 48
produce item: 48
produce item: 31
produce item: 13
produce item: 94
produce item: 2
produce item: 30
produce item: 88
produce item: 8
produce item: 4
produce item: 69
produce item: 57
produce item: 46
produce item: 88
produce item: 68
produce item: 17
produce item: 9
produce item: 21
produce item: 42
produce item: 62
produce item: 16
produce item: 10
produce item: 33
produce item: 63
produce item: 38
produce item: 72
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 6
consume item: 59
consume item: 44
consume item: 2
consume item: 90
consume item: 55
consume item: 5
consume item: 91
consume item: 33
consume item: 90
consume item: 23
consume item: 67
consume item: 59
consume item: 66
consume item: 70
consume item: 79
consume item: 79
consume item: 89
consume item: 55
consume item: 51
consume item: 94
consume item: 53
consume item: 22
consume item: 72
consume item: 30
consume item: 78
consume item: 25
consume item: 31
consume item: 9
consume item: 10
consume item: 91
consume item: 58
consume item: 51
consume item: 77
consume item: 40
consume item: 26
consume item: 25
consume item: 45
consume item: 84
consume item: 31
consume item: 70
consume item: 48
consume item: 2
consume item: 96
consume item: 63
consume item: 46
consume item: 45
consume item: 65
consume item: 1
consume item: 27
consume item: 64
consume item: 71
consume item: 31
consume item: 3
consume item: 84
consume item: 75
consume item: 13
consume item: 6
consume item: 42
consume item: 89
consume item: 17
consume item: 39
consume item: 18
consume item: 21
consume item: 90
consume item: 61
consume item: 68
consume item: 47
consume item: 73
consume item: 85
consume item: 26
consume item: 84
consume item: 66
consume item: 71
consume item: 48
consume item: 48
consume item: 31
consume item: 13
consume item: 94
consume item: 2
consume item: 30
consume item: 88
consume item: 8
consume item: 4
consume item: 69
consume item: 57
consume item: 46
consume item: 88
consume item: 68
consume item: 17
consume item: 9
consume item: 21
consume item: 42
consume item: 62
consume item: 16
consume item: 10
consume item: 33
consume item: 63
consume item: 38
consume item: 72
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 88
produce item: 44
produce item: 10
produce item: 32
produce item: 38
produce item: 37
produce item: 16
produce item: 35
produce item: 48
produce item: 93
produce item: 4
produce item: 89
produce item: 96
produce item: 77
produce item: 60
produce item: 63
produce item: 86
produce item: 11
produce item: 15
produce item: 70
produce item: 34
produce item: 59
produce item: 69
produce item: 50
produce item: 43
produce item: 72
produce item: 82
produce item: 96
produce item: 28
produce item: 67
produce item: 52
produce item: 44
produce item: 20
produce item: 78
produce item: 59
produce item: 79
produce item: 33
produce item: 58
produce item: 42
produce item: 65
produce item: 66
produce item: 63
produce item: 23
produce item: 6
produce item: 56
produce item: 58
produce item: 46
produce item: 23
produce item: 57
produce item: 63
produce item: 46
produce item: 67
produce item: 7
produce item: 54
produce item: 82
produce item: 17
produce item: 97
produce item: 7
produce item: 36
produce item: 90
produce item: 20
produce item: 43
produce item: 9
produce item: 64
produce item: 44
produce item: 17
produce item: 90
produce item: 45
produce item: 94
produce item: 95
produce item: 75
produce item: 36
produce item: 98
produce item: 59
produce item: 54
produce item: 25
produce item: 50
produce item: 61
produce item: 3
produce item: 26
produce item: 42
produce item: 26
produce item: 63
produce item: 84
produce item: 13
produce item: 63
produce item: 10
produce item: 6
produce item: 44
produce item: 72
produce item: 90
produce item: 78
produce item: 95
produce item: 20
produce item: 60
produce item: 51
produce item: 52
produce item: 5
produce item: 88
produce item: 13
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 88
consume item: 44
consume item: 10
consume item: 32
consume item: 38
consume item: 37
consume item: 16
consume item: 35
consume item: 48
consume item: 93
consume item: 4
consume item: 89
consume item: 96
consume item: 77
consume item: 60
consume item: 63
consume item: 86
consume item: 11
consume item: 15
consume item: 70
consume item: 34
consume item: 59
consume item: 69
consume item: 50
consume item: 43
consume item: 72
consume item: 82
consume item: 96
consume item: 28
consume item: 67
consume item: 52
consume item: 44
consume item: 20
consume item: 78
consume item: 59
consume item: 79
consume item: 33
consume item: 58
consume item: 42
consume item: 65
consume item: 66
consume item: 63
consume item: 23
consume item: 6
consume item: 56
consume item: 58
consume item: 46
consume item: 23
consume item: 57
consume item: 63
consume item: 46
consume item: 67
consume item: 7
consume item: 54
consume item: 82
consume item: 17
consume item: 97
consume item: 7
consume item: 36
consume item: 90
consume item: 20
consume item: 43
consume item: 9
consume item: 64
consume item: 44
consume item: 17
consume item: 90
consume item: 45
consume item: 94
consume item: 95
consume item: 75
consume item: 36
consume item: 98
consume item: 59
consume item: 54
consume item: 25
consume item: 50
consume item: 61
consume item: 3
consume item: 26
consume item: 42
consume item: 26
consume item: 63
consume item: 84
consume item: 13
consume item: 63
consume item: 10
consume item: 6
consume item: 44
consume item: 72
consume item: 90
consume item: 78
consume item: 95
consume item: 20
consume item: 60
consume item: 51
consume item: 52
consume item: 5
consume item: 88
consume item: 13
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 19
produce item: 85
produce item: 55
produce item: 10
produce item: 1
produce item: 94
produce item: 74
produce item: 53
produce item: 50
produce item: 29
produce item: 74
produce item: 84
produce item: 44
produce item: 27
produce item: 3
produce item: 93
produce item: 68
produce item: 13
produce item: 89
produce item: 7
produce item: 89
produce item: 21
produce item: 4
produce item: 43
produce item: 64
produce item: 56
produce item: 7
produce item: 38
produce item: 67
produce item: 19
produce item: 67
produce item: 73
produce item: 58
produce item: 25
produce item: 70
produce item: 96
produce item: 43
produce item: 17
produce item: 12
produce item: 46
produce item: 23
produce item: 62
produce item: 42
produce item: 54
produce item: 88
produce item: 75
produce item: 97
produce item: 56
produce item: 7
produce item: 30
produce item: 56
produce item: 67
produce item: 44
produce item: 53
produce item: 43
produce item: 16
produce item: 76
produce item: 62
produce item: 37
produce item: 49
produce item: 63
produce item: 24
produce item: 46
produce item: 72
produce item: 34
produce item: 86
produce item: 93
produce item: 91
produce item: 25
produce item: 16
produce item: 80
produce item: 46
produce item: 8
produce item: 1
produce item: 25
produce item: 77
produce item: 71
produce item: 86
produce item: 26
produce item: 54
produce item: 33
produce item: 65
produce item: 28
produce item: 97
produce item: 58
produce item: 21
produce item: 82
produce item: 36
produce item: 47
produce item: 20
produce item: 51
produce item: 31
produce item: 57
produce item: 49
produce item: 9
produce item: 12
produce item: 16
produce item: 95
produce item: 35
produce item: 20
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 19
consume item: 85
consume item: 55
consume item: 10
consume item: 1
consume item: 94
consume item: 74
consume item: 53
consume item: 50
consume item: 29
consume item: 74
consume item: 84
consume item: 44
consume item: 27
consume item: 3
consume item: 93
consume item: 68
consume item: 13
consume item: 89
consume item: 7
consume item: 89
consume item: 21
consume item: 4
consume item: 43
consume item: 64
consume item: 56
consume item: 7
consume item: 38
consume item: 67
consume item: 19
consume item: 67
consume item: 73
consume item: 58
consume item: 25
consume item: 70
consume item: 96
consume item: 43
consume item: 17
consume item: 12
consume item: 46
consume item: 23
consume item: 62
consume item: 42
consume item: 54
consume item: 88
consume item: 75
consume item: 97
consume item: 56
consume item: 7
consume item: 30
consume item: 56
consume item: 67
consume item: 44
consume item: 53
consume item: 43
consume item: 16
consume item: 76
consume item: 62
consume item: 37
consume item: 49
consume item: 63
consume item: 24
consume item: 46
consume item: 72
consume item: 34
consume item: 86
consume item: 93
consume item: 91
consume item: 25
consume item: 16
consume item: 80
consume item: 46
consume item: 8
consume item: 1
consume item: 25
consume item: 77
consume item: 71
consume item: 86
consume item: 26
consume item: 54
consume item: 33
consume item: 65
consume item: 28
consume item: 97
consume item: 58
consume item: 21
consume item: 82
consume item: 36
consume item: 47
consume item: 20
consume item: 51
consume item: 31
consume item: 57
consume item: 49
consume item: 9
consume item: 12
consume item: 16
consume item: 95
consume item: 35
consume item: 20
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 91
produce item: 49
produce item: 86
produce item: 77
produce item: 66
produce item: 95
produce item: 93
produce item: 26
produce item: 5
produce item: 30
produce item: 54
produce item: 91
produce item: 19
produce item: 38
produce item: 3
produce item: 67
produce item: 86
produce item: 33
produce item: 94
produce item: 67
produce item: 42
produce item: 75
produce item: 20
produce item: 22
produce item: 24
produce item: 84
produce item: 35
produce item: 74
produce item: 11
produce item: 13
produce item: 44
produce item: 3
produce item: 30
produce item: 73
produce item: 46
produce item: 45
produce item: 73
produce item: 12
produce item: 90
produce item: 90
produce item: 11
produce item: 27
produce item: 43
produce item: 11
produce item: 6
produce item: 66
produce item: 43
produce item: 63
produce item: 97
produce item: 66
produce item: 26
produce item: 48
produce item: 81
produce item: 89
produce item: 4
produce item: 50
produce item: 19
produce item: 68
produce item: 45
produce item: 41
produce item: 62
produce item: 25
produce item: 27
produce item: 47
produce item: 18
produce item: 46
produce item: 54
produce item: 13
produce item: 3
produce item: 82
produce item: 33
produce item: 76
produce item: 82
produce item: 9
produce item: 63
produce item: 25
produce item: 89
produce item: 82
produce item: 66
produce item: 12
produce item: 58
produce item: 21
produce item: 53
produce item: 68
produce item: 71
produce item: 44
produce item: 27
produce item: 87
produce item: 80
produce item: 11
produce item: 44
produce item: 65
produce item: 96
produce item: 63
produce item: 10
produce item: 26
produce item: 15
produce item: 36
produce item: 47
produce item: 96
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 91
consume item: 49
consume item: 86
consume item: 77
consume item: 66
consume item: 95
consume item: 93
consume item: 26
consume item: 5
consume item: 30
consume item: 54
consume item: 91
consume item: 19
consume item: 38
consume item: 3
consume item: 67
consume item: 86
consume item: 33
consume item: 94
consume item: 67
consume item: 42
consume item: 75
consume item: 20
consume item: 22
consume item: 24
consume item: 84
consume item: 35
consume item: 74
consume item: 11
consume item: 13
consume item: 44
consume item: 3
consume item: 30
consume item: 73
consume item: 46
consume item: 45
consume item: 73
consume item: 12
consume item: 90
consume item: 90
consume item: 11
consume item: 27
consume item: 43
consume item: 11
consume item: 6
consume item: 66
consume item: 43
consume item: 63
consume item: 97
consume item: 66
consume item: 26
consume item: 48
consume item: 81
consume item: 89
consume item: 4
consume item: 50
consume item: 19
consume item: 68
consume item: 45
consume item: 41
consume item: 62
consume item: 25
consume item: 27
consume item: 47
consume item: 18
consume item: 46
consume item: 54
consume item: 13
consume item: 3
consume item: 82
consume item: 33
consume item: 76
consume item: 82
consume item: 9
consume item: 63
consume item: 25
consume item: 89
consume item: 82
consume item: 66
consume item: 12
consume item: 58
consume item: 21
consume item: 53
consume item: 68
consume item: 71
consume item: 44
consume item: 27
consume item: 87
consume item: 80
consume item: 11
consume item: 44
consume item: 65
consume item: 96
consume item: 63
consume item: 10
consume item: 26
consume item: 15
consume item: 36
consume item: 47
consume item: 96
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 90
produce item: 78
produce item: 49
produce item: 54
produce item: 9
produce item: 96
produce item: 70
produce item: 11
produce item: 83
produce item: 32
produce item: 16
produce item: 53
produce item: 7
produce item: 18
produce item: 17
produce item: 5
produce item: 48
produce item: 7
produce item: 94
produce item: 89
produce item: 63
produce item: 30
produce item: 8
produce item: 91
produce item: 89
produce item: 39
produce item: 21
produce item: 54
produce item: 39
produce item: 44
produce item: 70
produce item: 14
produce item: 13
produce item: 92
produce item: 64
produce item: 34
produce item: 38
produce item: 76
produce item: 38
produce item: 41
produce item: 92
produce item: 62
produce item: 67
produce item: 84
produce item: 68
produce item: 37
produce item: 65
produce item: 3
produce item: 75
produce item: 14
produce item: 30
produce item: 31
produce item: 8
produce item: 13
produce item: 51
produce item: 64
produce item: 37
produce item: 54
produce item: 44
produce item: 97
produce item: 27
produce item: 88
produce item: 52
produce item: 26
produce item: 6
produce item: 50
produce item: 94
produce item: 97
produce item: 29
produce item: 22
produce item: 18
produce item: 68
produce item: 95
produce item: 20
produce item: 30
produce item: 5
produce item: 49
produce item: 23
produce item: 77
produce item: 41
produce item: 26
produce item: 5
produce item: 69
produce item: 92
produce item: 23
produce item: 25
produce item: 38
produce item: 3
produce item: 35
produce item: 57
produce item: 6
produce item: 77
produce item: 73
produce item: 21
produce item: 92
produce item: 23
produce item: 94
produce item: 77
produce item: 85
produce item: 96
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 90
consume item: 78
consume item: 49
consume item: 54
consume item: 9
consume item: 96
consume item: 70
consume item: 11
consume item: 83
consume item: 32
consume item: 16
consume item: 53
consume item: 7
consume item: 18
consume item: 17
consume item: 5
consume item: 48
consume item: 7
consume item: 94
consume item: 89
consume item: 63
consume item: 30
consume item: 8
consume item: 91
consume item: 89
consume item: 39
consume item: 21
consume item: 54
consume item: 39
consume item: 44
consume item: 70
consume item: 14
consume item: 13
consume item: 92
consume item: 64
consume item: 34
consume item: 38
consume item: 76
consume item: 38
consume item: 41
consume item: 92
consume item: 62
consume item: 67
consume item: 84
consume item: 68
consume item: 37
consume item: 65
consume item: 3
consume item: 75
consume item: 14
consume item: 30
consume item: 31
consume item: 8
consume item: 13
consume item: 51
consume item: 64
consume item: 37
consume item: 54
consume item: 44
consume item: 97
consume item: 27
consume item: 88
consume item: 52
consume item: 26
consume item: 6
consume item: 50
consume item: 94
consume item: 97
consume item: 29
consume item: 22
consume item: 18
consume item: 68
consume item: 95
consume item: 20
consume item: 30
consume item: 5
consume item: 49
consume item: 23
consume item: 77
consume item: 41
consume item: 26
consume item: 5
consume item: 69
consume item: 92
consume item: 23
consume item: 25
consume item: 38
consume item: 3
consume item: 35
consume item: 57
consume item: 6
consume item: 77
consume item: 73
consume item: 21
consume item: 92
consume item: 23
consume item: 94
consume item: 77
consume item: 85
consume item: 96
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 2
produce item: 47
produce item: 45
produce item: 71
produce item: 8
produce item: 12
produce item: 72
produce item: 35
produce item: 66
produce item: 69
produce item: 30
produce item: 65
produce item: 78
produce item: 31
produce item: 24
produce item: 67
produce item: 29
produce item: 76
produce item: 24
produce item: 81
produce item: 47
produce item: 64
produce item: 40
produce item: 45
produce item: 64
produce item: 69
produce item: 37
produce item: 70
produce item: 61
produce item: 13
produce item: 2
produce item: 76
produce item: 72
produce item: 63
produce item: 77
produce item: 49
produce item: 64
produce item: 98
produce item: 10
produce item: 55
produce item: 32
produce item: 61
produce item: 74
produce item: 93
produce item: 33
produce item: 8
produce item: 75
produce item: 1
produce item: 22
produce item: 92
produce item: 92
produce item: 50
produce item: 75
produce item: 13
produce item: 40
produce item: 49
produce item: 52
produce item: 8
produce item: 56
produce item: 32
produce item: 78
produce item: 95
produce item: 63
produce item: 32
produce item: 57
produce item: 94
produce item: 45
produce item: 27
produce item: 92
produce item: 37
produce item: 70
produce item: 7
produce item: 11
produce item: 60
produce item: 45
produce item: 63
produce item: 47
produce item: 88
produce item: 80
produce item: 42
produce item: 61
produce item: 53
produce item: 31
produce item: 87
produce item: 50
produce item: 1
produce item: 32
produce item: 17
produce item: 86
produce item: 14
produce item: 22
produce item: 10
produce item: 38
produce item: 60
produce item: 13
produce item: 95
produce item: 32
produce item: 34
produce item: 93
produce item: 61
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 2
consume item: 47
consume item: 45
consume item: 71
consume item: 8
consume item: 12
consume item: 72
consume item: 35
consume item: 66
consume item: 69
consume item: 30
consume item: 65
consume item: 78
consume item: 31
consume item: 24
consume item: 67
consume item: 29
consume item: 76
consume item: 24
consume item: 81
consume item: 47
consume item: 64
consume item: 40
consume item: 45
consume item: 64
consume item: 69
consume item: 37
consume item: 70
consume item: 61
consume item: 13
consume item: 2
consume item: 76
consume item: 72
consume item: 63
consume item: 77
consume item: 49
consume item: 64
consume item: 98
consume item: 10
consume item: 55
consume item: 32
consume item: 61
consume item: 74
consume item: 93
consume item: 33
consume item: 8
consume item: 75
consume item: 1
consume item: 22
consume item: 92
consume item: 92
consume item: 50
consume item: 75
consume item: 13
consume item: 40
consume item: 49
consume item: 52
consume item: 8
consume item: 56
consume item: 32
consume item: 78
consume item: 95
consume item: 63
consume item: 32
consume item: 57
consume item: 94
consume item: 45
consume item: 27
consume item: 92
consume item: 37
consume item: 70
consume item: 7
consume item: 11
consume item: 60
consume item: 45
consume item: 63
consume item: 47
consume item: 88
consume item: 80
consume item: 42
consume item: 61
consume item: 53
consume item: 31
consume item: 87
consume item: 50
consume item: 1
consume item: 32
consume item: 17
consume item: 86
consume item: 14
consume item: 22
consume item: 10
consume item: 38
consume item: 60
consume item: 13
consume item: 95
consume item: 32
consume item: 34
consume item: 93
consume item: 61
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 38
produce item: 84
produce item: 28
produce item: 84
produce item: 70
produce item: 31
produce item: 13
produce item: 86
produce item: 92
produce item: 81
produce item: 71
produce item: 16
produce item: 66
produce item: 27
produce item: 86
produce item: 54
produce item: 33
produce item: 81
produce item: 80
produce item: 10
produce item: 10
produce item: 48
produce item: 23
produce item: 83
produce item: 54
produce item: 84
produce item: 40
produce item: 57
produce item: 68
produce item: 68
produce item: 82
produce item: 17
produce item: 14
produce item: 90
produce item: 21
produce item: 12
produce item: 30
produce item: 61
produce item: 16
produce item: 39
produce item: 44
produce item: 4
produce item: 60
produce item: 84
produce item: 92
produce item: 81
produce item: 16
produce item: 15
produce item: 35
produce item: 45
produce item: 15
produce item: 61
produce item: 85
produce item: 64
produce item: 67
produce item: 18
produce item: 79
produce item: 68
produce item: 97
produce item: 29
produce item: 96
produce item: 95
produce item: 37
produce item: 78
produce item: 84
produce item: 64
produce item: 18
produce item: 67
produce item: 30
produce item: 20
produce item: 10
produce item: 77
produce item: 98
produce item: 8
produce item: 7
produce item: 5
produce item: 69
produce item: 22
produce item: 54
produce item: 31
produce item: 48
produce item: 45
produce item: 86
produce item: 32
produce item: 27
produce item: 19
produce item: 25
produce item: 15
produce item: 40
produce item: 23
produce item: 18
produce item: 63
produce item: 77
produce item: 67
produce item: 4
produce item: 45
produce item: 42
produce item: 57
produce item: 41
produce item: 57
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 38
consume item: 84
consume item: 28
consume item: 84
consume item: 70
consume item: 31
consume item: 13
consume item: 86
consume item: 92
consume item: 81
consume item: 71
consume item: 16
consume item: 66
consume item: 27
consume item: 86
consume item: 54
consume item: 33
consume item: 81
consume item: 80
consume item: 10
consume item: 10
consume item: 48
consume item: 23
consume item: 83
consume item: 54
consume item: 84
consume item: 40
consume item: 57
consume item: 68
consume item: 68
consume item: 82
consume item: 17
consume item: 14
consume item: 90
consume item: 21
consume item: 12
consume item: 30
consume item: 61
consume item: 16
consume item: 39
consume item: 44
consume item: 4
consume item: 60
consume item: 84
consume item: 92
consume item: 81
consume item: 16
consume item: 15
consume item: 35
consume item: 45
consume item: 15
consume item: 61
consume item: 85
consume item: 64
consume item: 67
consume item: 18
consume item: 79
consume item: 68
consume item: 97
consume item: 29
consume item: 96
consume item: 95
consume item: 37
consume item: 78
consume item: 84
consume item: 64
consume item: 18
consume item: 67
consume item: 30
consume item: 20
consume item: 10
consume item: 77
consume item: 98
consume item: 8
consume item: 7
consume item: 5
consume item: 69
consume item: 22
consume item: 54
consume item: 31
consume item: 48
consume item: 45
consume item: 86
consume item: 32
consume item: 27
consume item: 19
consume item: 25
consume item: 15
consume item: 40
consume item: 23
consume item: 18
consume item: 63
consume item: 77
consume item: 67
consume item: 4
consume item: 45
consume item: 42
consume item: 57
consume item: 41
consume item: 57
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 68
produce item: 28
produce item: 61
produce item: 25
produce item: 30
produce item: 28
produce item: 15
produce item: 94
produce item: 76
produce item: 27
produce item: 6
produce item: 97
produce item: 87
produce item: 81
produce item: 66
produce item: 37
produce item: 23
produce item: 10
produce item: 56
produce item: 41
produce item: 93
produce item: 36
produce item: 34
produce item: 1
produce item: 26
produce item: 10
produce item: 81
produce item: 52
produce item: 90
produce item: 34
produce item: 2
produce item: 11
produce item: 94
produce item: 82
produce item: 22
produce item: 25
produce item: 54
produce item: 74
produce item: 45
produce item: 77
produce item: 12
produce item: 72
produce item: 45
produce item: 63
produce item: 9
produce item: 88
produce item: 57
produce item: 27
produce item: 6
produce item: 84
produce item: 43
produce item: 66
produce item: 54
produce item: 3
produce item: 69
produce item: 62
produce item: 38
produce item: 7
produce item: 26
produce item: 2
produce item: 33
produce item: 81
produce item: 81
produce item: 25
produce item: 76
produce item: 82
produce item: 23
produce item: 90
produce item: 49
produce item: 18
produce item: 65
produce item: 7
produce item: 25
produce item: 87
produce item: 8
produce item: 98
produce item: 40
produce item: 8
produce item: 50
produce item: 93
produce item: 81
produce item: 51
produce item: 46
produce item: 76
produce item: 25
produce item: 68
produce item: 33
produce item: 69
produce item: 89
produce item: 1
produce item: 11
produce item: 60
produce item: 35
produce item: 59
produce item: 89
produce item: 8
produce item: 52
produce item: 9
produce item: 34
produce item: 86
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 68
consume item: 28
consume item: 61
consume item: 25
consume item: 30
consume item: 28
consume item: 15
consume item: 94
consume item: 76
consume item: 27
consume item: 6
consume item: 97
consume item: 87
consume item: 81
consume item: 66
consume item: 37
consume item: 23
consume item: 10
consume item: 56
consume item: 41
consume item: 93
consume item: 36
consume item: 34
consume item: 1
consume item: 26
consume item: 10
consume item: 81
consume item: 52
consume item: 90
consume item: 34
consume item: 2
consume item: 11
consume item: 94
consume item: 82
consume item: 22
consume item: 25
consume item: 54
consume item: 74
consume item: 45
consume item: 77
consume item: 12
consume item: 72
consume item: 45
consume item: 63
consume item: 9
consume item: 88
consume item: 57
consume item: 27
consume item: 6
consume item: 84
consume item: 43
consume item: 66
consume item: 54
consume item: 3
consume item: 69
consume item: 62
consume item: 38
consume item: 7
consume item: 26
consume item: 2
consume item: 33
consume item: 81
consume item: 81
consume item: 25
consume item: 76
consume item: 82
consume item: 23
consume item: 90
consume item: 49
consume item: 18
consume item: 65
consume item: 7
consume item: 25
consume item: 87
consume item: 8
consume item: 98
consume item: 40
consume item: 8
consume item: 50
consume item: 93
consume item: 81
consume item: 51
consume item: 46
consume item: 76
consume item: 25
consume item: 68
consume item: 33
consume item: 69
consume item: 89
consume item: 1
consume item: 11
consume item: 60
consume item: 35
consume item: 59
consume item: 89
consume item: 8
consume item: 52
consume item: 9
consume item: 34
consume item: 86
consumer_fn: notify items processed
produce item: 45
produce item: 47
produce item: 54
produce item: 41
produce item: 68
produce item: 50
produce item: 65
produce item: 47
produce item: 60
produce item: 85
produce item: 1
produce item: 31
produce item: 28
produce item: 74
produce item: 91
produce item: 79
produce item: 94
produce item: 15
produce item: 26
produce item: 58
produce item: 28
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 35
produce item: 85
produce item: 18
produce item: 16
produce item: 10
produce item: 65
produce item: 40
produce item: 74
produce item: 37
produce item: 20
produce item: 61
produce item: 45
produce item: 24
produce item: 19
produce item: 11
produce item: 47
produce item: 53
produce item: 88
produce item: 86
produce item: 20
produce item: 85
produce item: 1
produce item: 11
produce item: 4
produce item: 34
produce item: 58
produce item: 13
produce item: 62
produce item: 38
produce item: 42
produce item: 69
produce item: 31
produce item: 49
produce item: 18
produce item: 34
produce item: 41
produce item: 12
produce item: 31
produce item: 53
produce item: 59
produce item: 72
produce item: 48
produce item: 88
produce item: 23
produce item: 59
produce item: 86
produce item: 10
produce item: 32
produce item: 24
produce item: 5
produce item: 85
produce item: 74
produce item: 9
produce item: 1
produce item: 47
produce item: 62
produce item: 82
produce item: 56
produce item: 46
produce item: 54
produce item: 95
produce item: 45
produce item: 7
produce item: 6
produce item: 93
produce item: 78
produce item: 74
produce item: 35
produce item: 43
produce item: 60
produce item: 71
produce item: 24
produce item: 22
produce item: 47
produce item: 63
produce item: 27
produce item: 23
produce item: 81
produce item: 94
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 45
consume item: 47
consume item: 54
consume item: 41
consume item: 68
consume item: 50
consume item: 65
consume item: 47
consume item: 60
consume item: 85
consume item: 1
consume item: 31
consume item: 28
consume item: 74
consume item: 91
consume item: 79
consume item: 94
consume item: 15
consume item: 26
consume item: 58
consume item: 28
consume item: 35
consume item: 85
consume item: 18
consume item: 16
consume item: 10
consume item: 65
consume item: 40
consume item: 74
consume item: 37
consume item: 20
consume item: 61
consume item: 45
consume item: 24
consume item: 19
consume item: 11
consume item: 47
consume item: 53
consume item: 88
consume item: 86
consume item: 20
consume item: 85
consume item: 1
consume item: 11
consume item: 4
consume item: 34
consume item: 58
consume item: 13
consume item: 62
consume item: 38
consume item: 42
consume item: 69
consume item: 31
consume item: 49
consume item: 18
consume item: 34
consume item: 41
consume item: 12
consume item: 31
consume item: 53
consume item: 59
consume item: 72
consume item: 48
consume item: 88
consume item: 23
consume item: 59
consume item: 86
consume item: 10
consume item: 32
consume item: 24
consume item: 5
consume item: 85
consume item: 74
consume item: 9
consume item: 1
consume item: 47
consume item: 62
consume item: 82
consume item: 56
consume item: 46
consume item: 54
consume item: 95
consume item: 45
consume item: 7
consume item: 6
consume item: 93
consume item: 78
consume item: 74
consume item: 35
consume item: 43
consume item: 60
consume item: 71
consume item: 24
consume item: 22
consume item: 47
consume item: 63
consume item: 27
consume item: 23
consume item: 81
consume item: 94
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 31
produce item: 36
produce item: 35
produce item: 74
produce item: 45
produce item: 24
produce item: 40
produce item: 74
produce item: 43
produce item: 19
produce item: 10
produce item: 41
produce item: 30
produce item: 49
produce item: 66
produce item: 22
produce item: 10
produce item: 59
produce item: 84
produce item: 54
produce item: 78
produce item: 79
produce item: 89
produce item: 89
produce item: 69
produce item: 59
produce item: 86
produce item: 85
produce item: 60
produce item: 12
produce item: 17
produce item: 98
produce item: 82
produce item: 51
produce item: 62
produce item: 18
produce item: 39
produce item: 24
produce item: 58
produce item: 98
produce item: 74
produce item: 6
produce item: 56
produce item: 33
produce item: 9
produce item: 2
produce item: 25
produce item: 15
produce item: 54
produce item: 35
produce item: 83
produce item: 77
produce item: 18
produce item: 74
produce item: 33
produce item: 96
produce item: 35
produce item: 10
produce item: 43
produce item: 33
produce item: 16
produce item: 43
produce item: 6
produce item: 80
produce item: 9
produce item: 12
produce item: 27
produce item: 12
produce item: 77
produce item: 86
produce item: 80
produce item: 64
produce item: 9
produce item: 29
produce item: 59
produce item: 71
produce item: 84
produce item: 10
produce item: 33
produce item: 10
produce item: 37
produce item: 40
produce item: 89
produce item: 61
produce item: 5
produce item: 17
produce item: 26
produce item: 25
produce item: 82
produce item: 94
produce item: 6
produce item: 53
produce item: 15
produce item: 15
produce item: 75
produce item: 84
produce item: 17
produce item: 9
produce item: 87
produce item: 42
producer_fn: items ready for processing
producer_fn: items processed
consumer_fn: items are ready
consume item: 31
consume item: 36
consume item: 35
consume item: 74
consume item: 45
consume item: 24
consume item: 40
consume item: 74
consume item: 43
consume item: 19
consume item: 10
consume item: 41
consume item: 30
consume item: 49
consume item: 66
consume item: 22
consume item: 10
consume item: 59
consume item: 84
consume item: 54
consume item: 78
consume item: 79
consume item: 89
consume item: 89
consume item: 69
consume item: 59
consume item: 86
consume item: 85
consume item: 60
consume item: 12
consume item: 17
consume item: 98
consume item: 82
consume item: 51
consume item: 62
consume item: 18
consume item: 39
consume item: 24
consume item: 58
consume item: 98
consume item: 74
consume item: 6
consume item: 56
consume item: 33
consume item: 9
consume item: 2
consume item: 25
consume item: 15
consume item: 54
consume item: 35
consume item: 83
consume item: 77
consume item: 18
consume item: 74
consume item: 33
consume item: 96
consume item: 35
consume item: 10
consume item: 43
consume item: 33
consume item: 16
consume item: 43
consume item: 6
consume item: 80
consume item: 9
consume item: 12
consume item: 27
consume item: 12
consume item: 77
consume item: 86
consume item: 80
consume item: 64
consume item: 9
consume item: 29
consume item: 59
consume item: 71
consume item: 84
consume item: 10
consume item: 33
consume item: 10
consume item: 37
consume item: 40
consume item: 89
consume item: 61
consume item: 5
consume item: 17
consume item: 26
consume item: 25
consume item: 82
consume item: 94
consume item: 6
consume item: 53
consume item: 15
consume item: 15
consume item: 75
consume item: 84
consume item: 17
consume item: 9
consume item: 87
consume item: 42
consumer_fn: notify items processed
consumer_fn: wait for items are ready
produce item: 16
produce item: 66
produce item: 68
produce item: 81
produce item: 14
produce item: 84
produce item: 88
produce item: 51
produce item: 11
produce item: 59
produce item: 43
produce item: 89
produce item: 75
produce item: 52
produce item: 29
produce item: 65
produce item: 6
produce item: 14
produce item: 35
produce item: 92
produce item: 37
produce item: 63
produce item: 24
produce item: 14
produce item: 6
produce item: 87
produce item: 85
produce item: 96
produce item: 94
produce item: 55
produce item: 41
produce item: 55
produce item: 50
produce item: 94
produce item: 22
produce item: 73
produce item: 18
produce item: 42
produce item: 44
produce item: 69
produce item: 89
produce item: 43
